---
title: Booking API - Changes in weight limit for Pickup Parcel (0340) and Pickup Parcel Bulk (0342) to Denmark
publishDate: 2024-02-28
layout: api
notanapi: false
params:
  isImportant: false
---

On February 29th 2024, we are adjusting the weight limit for bookings of Pickup Parcel (0340) and Pickup Parcel Bulk (0342) to Denmark in the Booking API.

__What is changing?__  
Starting from February 29th, all bookings exceeding 20 kg (i.e. where the “weightInKg” field exceeds 20) for Pickup Parcel (0340) and Pickup Parcel Bulk (0342) will be rejected by the Booking API. Despite not being in line with our current terms stating a max weight of 20 kg, these bookings have been accepted in our API and later converted to Home Delivery Parcel 0349 with a special handling fee of 125 DKK. The new max weight of 20 kg aims to increase end customer satisfaction by minimizing the number of bookings that must be converted from Pickup Parcel (0340/0342) to Home Delivery Parcel (0349).

__What should you do?__  
No need to worry! If you need to book parcels weighing over 20 kg, use Home Delivery Parcel (0349), which allows you to send parcels up to 35 kg. If for some reason there is a difference between the weight provided via the Booking API and the weight measured when the parcel reaches our terminal, we will still append a special handling fee and convert to Home Delivery Parcel (0349).

__What if I have any questions?__  
You’re more than welcome to reach out to us via checkoutdk@bring.com. We’re here to assist in case you have any questions about the change, our APIs in general, or how to make the most of Bring in your checkout process.
